# FinalProject
Our Project was the Programming for a redbox, that also also sells snack like a vending machine. Our Project is called a snack box. The ways this works is with 4 classes that are called from one to rent, return, and buy snacks. We have a main class that sends you to either win a free movie, rent a movie, return a movie, and purchase some snacks. The return works by barcodes and scanners, utilizing switch statements and using a barcode generator to make barcodes of the corresponding value to each movie and when the barcode is scanned it displays a message saying “You have returned XXXX XXXXXX“ and then there are do while loops that asks you if you want to return another movie. The way the snack machine works is by asking how many of each kind of candy do you want and your input is the value of each int or item of candy and then it multiplies the cost of each item by the value of the int and that is the total. It also uses 2 methods, 1 to display the menu at the top , and 1 to display a text art of a vending machine. The Rent class displays a menu of movies that you can rent by typing in the name of the movie. After you type in the name of the movie you would like to rent, the program asks you if you would like more information on the movie. After that it asks you if you would like to rent the movie. Then the Do while loop returns you to the beginning. The program called Array asks you if you would like to win a free movie, if you type in the right numbers you win a free movie. 
